

(a) Sales_data &combine(Sales_data); The code works correct. It will first convert s to Sales_data, then copy that temporary into the parameter of combine.

(b) Sales_data &combine(Sales_data&); The code is wrong. It will first convert s to Sales_data, then pass the reference to that temporary into the parameter of combine, but passing a reference to a temporary is error.

(c) Sales_data &combine(const Sales_data&) const; The code could not compile, because it should not be a const member function. It will first convert s to Sales_data, then pass the const reference to that temporary into the parameter of combine.


(a) Sales_data &combine(Sales_data); // ok
(b) Sales_data &combine(Sales_data&); // [Error] no matching function for call to 'Sales_data::combine(std::string&)' (`std::string&` can not convert to `Sales_data` type.)  
(c) Sales_data &combine(const Sales_data&) const; // The trailing const mark can't be put here, as it forbids any mutation on data members. This conflicts with combine's semantics.

Some detailed explanation about problem (b) :It's wrong. Because combine’s parameter is a non-const reference , we can't pass a temporary to that parameter. If combine’s parameter is a reference to const , we can pass a temporary to that parameter. Like this :Sales_data &combine(const Sales_data&); Here we call the Sales_data combine member function with a string argument. This call is perfectly legal; the compiler automatically creates a Sales_data object from the given string. That newly generated (temporary) Sales_data is passed to combine.(Also you can read C++ Primer Page 295(English Edition))